Mega play-by-play of my adventures with PowerBI. What a ride.

Day One: Opened PowerBI. 
Loaded a dataset of Steam information from someones account.
Ended up in power query... How Jazzy!
  Identified the important relationships within the data - how much total play time, money spent on games, most played, least played, etc. 
Structured that data into a dashboard displaying KPIs, Donut Chart, multi-row card, pie chart, cards, and guages.
Discovered Buttons! Made a page for wins and a second page for a hall of shame - games bought and not played, games with playtime less than an hour.
Discovered that DAX is infact a thing.
Showed the owner of the Steam data and fell in love.


Day Two: A contract... What?!
I mentioned that I was going to be learning PowerBI to someone who has clients for whom they'd like to provide the applicable services!
Met the client and started making connections.
After being granted permissions to the relevant sharepoint, I loaded the sharepoint data.
Got a bit scared!
It was time for data transformation! 
I learned a couple of DAX codes to standardise data which wasn't consistent or in an ideal format for analysis.
Created some graphs for fire response times(line), most high risk areas for health and safety issues to occur(pie), and a multi-row card to show how many cases were open, closed, or in need of further investigation.

Day Three: Presentation
Evolved the visual aesthetic and learned how to 'beautify' the graphs and charts in-line with brand integrity
Showed it to the client.
The client wanted more buttons and links.
I learned how to link to sharepoint pages with the particular and relevant filters being in place.

Day Four: Needs More Buttons! #A_Song_Of_Utility_And_Function
Created links and buttons which connected to all documents to which the users require quick move access and 'at-a-glance' views.
Separated the dashboard into pages with easy navigation to account for different departments. 
Added the company logo and applied the hex codes to match the dashboard to the company_ID.

Day Five: Embed With The Clients
Embedded the dashboard into sharepoint.
Presented the dashboard for the second time. 
Used the PowerBI service to automate timed updates to the dashboard to reflect any changes made to sharepoint data.
Removed the filter bar which had also ended up visible in the embedded dashboard on sharepoint.
Changed viewing permissions to public to avoid permission requests. This needs further exploration.

Day Six:
Learned about using workspaces in PowerBI service to solve the issues of viewing permissions. 
Realised there is so so much more versatility to the programme and started using Microsoft Learn
- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/power-bi/
- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powerquery-m/
- https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dax/dax-overview

Day Seven:
- Got premium PowerBI... Lessssssss GOOOOOOOOO!
